Add value to configure control plane load balancer allow list (#343)
giantswarm/cluster-aws: helm/cluster-aws/README.md

| **Property** | **Description** | **More Details** |
| :----------- | :-------------- | :--------------- |

> | `controlPlane.allowList` | **Load balancer allow list** - IPv4 address ranges that are allowed to connect to the control plane load balancer, in CIDR notation. When setting this field, remember to add the Management cluster Nat Gateway IPs provided by GiantSwarm so that the cluster can still be managed.|**Type:** `array`<br/>**Default:** `["0.0.0.0/0"]`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `controlPlane.allowList` | **Load balancer allow list** - IPv4 address ranges that are allowed to connect to the control plane load balancer, in CIDR notation. When setting this field, remember to add the Management cluster Nat Gateway IPs provided by Giant Swarm so that the cluster can still be managed.|**Type:** `array`<br/>**Default:** `["0.0.0.0/0"]`|
```

| `controlPlane.etcdVolumeSizeGB` | **Etcd volume size (GB)**|**Type:** `integer`<br/>**Default:** `100`|
| `controlPlane.instanceType` | **EC2 instance type**|**Type:** `string`<br/>**Default:** `"r6i.xlarge"`|
| `controlPlane.kubeletVolumeSizeGB` | **Kubelet volume size (GB)**|**Type:** `integer`<br/>**Default:** `100`|

> | `controlPlane.loadBalancerIngressAllowCidrBlocks` | **Load balancer allow list** - IPv4 address ranges that are allowed to connect to the control plane load balancer, in CIDR notation. When setting this field, remember to add the Management cluster Nat Gateway IPs provided by Giant Swarm so that the cluster can still be managed.|**Type:** `array`<br/>**Default:** `["0.0.0.0/0"]`|

Reviewer 2: At best, customers shouldn't need to take care of adding MC gateway IPs. Can we `{{ lookup [...] "AWSCluster" .Values.managementCluster }}` (pseudocode) the MC and check its `AWSCluster.status.networkStatus.natGatewaysIPs`?

Author: We discussed on Slack to avoid using `lookup` and just document how to get the IPs.
